Configurable redaction of payload when logging (#183)
avast/rabbitmq-scala-client: README.md

}
```

### Payload logging or redaction

By default, the client logs received delivery (on the TRACE level, unless timeout or sth happens - it's on some higher levels then) for
better debugging experience. However, if you transfer some sensitive data and you don't want the delivery to be logged, you can easily

> turn it off by using `redactPayload = false` parameter in consumer configs (note: producer doesn't log the delivery at all, just its

Reviewer: If you want to switch the logging of the body off, you should set the `redactPayload` to true, I guess. :thinking: 
```suggestion
turn it off by using `redactPayload = true` parameter in consumer configs (note: If set to true, producer doesn't log the delivery at all, just its
```

Author: You guess right :-D
